README.md, before:

# omegapoint
This library offers a convenient way to access the Omega Point API from Python. It consists of 2 parts: 
    schema from sgqlc 
    omegapoint with specialization


3 default values you can set: 
DEFAULT_MODEL_ID = os.getenv('OMEGA_POINT_DEFAULT_MODEL_ID')
API_KEY = os.getenv('OMEGA_POINT_API_KEY')
URL = os.getenv('OMEGA_POINT_URL')


#This works
print(get_models())    
#This fails
res = create_portfolio(name='RwfTest1', default_model_id='fake')

#This fails too.
try:
    res = create_portfolio(name='TestName6', default_model_id='fake')
except GqlError as e:
    print(f"GQL error. Query Id is {e.errors['extensions']['queryId']}")
    print(f"Operation is:\n{e.operation}")
    print(f"Error is:\n{e.errors}")
#This works
res = create_portfolio(name='TestName7', default_model_id='AXUS4-MH')
print(res)
#This works
bad = [p for p in get_portfolios() if p.name !='Equal Weighted Portfolio']
for p in bad:
    delete_portfolio_by_id(p.id)

#Create and delete a portfolio
res = op.create_portfolio(name='TestName7', default_model_id='AXUS4-MH')
print(op.get_portfolios())
op.delete_portfolio('TestName7')
print(op.get_portfolios())

#Load a portfolio from CSV 
# df = pd.read_csv('c:\\users\\ross\\op\\port_test.csv')
#load_portfolio_position('Test Name', df)

Commit message:

SUpport other id types in portfolio load.

README.md, after:

# omegapoint
This library offers a convenient way to access the Omega Point API from Python. It consists of 3 parts: 
    schema.py. This has Python classes that give full access to the Omega Point GQL API. It is automatically generated from sgqlc. 
    omegapoint.py. This has convenience functions that let you perform common operations more fluently than you could by using schema.py directly.
        It also defines the class GqlError, which lets you capture Omega Point error messages on failed operations. 

There are 3 default values you can set with enviroment variables:
 
DEFAULT_MODEL_ID = os.getenv('OMEGA_POINT_DEFAULT_MODEL_ID')
API_KEY = os.getenv('OMEGA_POINT_API_KEY')
URL = os.getenv('OMEGA_POINT_URL')


Here 
#This works
print(get_models())    
#This fails
res = create_portfolio(name='RwfTest1', default_model_id='fake')

#This fails too.
try:
    res = create_portfolio(name='TestName6', default_model_id='fake')
except GqlError as e:
    print(f"GQL error. Query Id is {e.errors['extensions']['queryId']}")
    print(f"Operation is:\n{e.operation}")
    print(f"Error is:\n{e.errors}")
#This works
res = create_portfolio(name='TestName7', default_model_id='AXUS4-MH')
print(res)
#This works
bad = [p for p in get_portfolios() if p.name !='Equal Weighted Portfolio']
for p in bad:
    delete_portfolio_by_id(p.id)

#Create and delete a portfolio

print(op.get_portfolios())

#Load a portfolio from CSV 
import pandas as pd
from omegapoint import omegapoint as op
try:
    op.delete_portfolio('rwf_test')
except: pass
df = pd.read_csv(r'c:\users\ross\omegapoint\test\port_test.csv')
op.upload_portfolio_positions('rwf_test', df)
